what's going on everybody I'm stepping
away from what I normally do in my
reviews on YouTube I'm actually gonna
take a do something for a friend of mine
who who asked me for my recipe on kimchi
so I told them I would I would just make
a quick youtube video about it and put
it on YouTube for them so I I understand
if you subscribe this could be a little
bit different than what you're used to
seeing first of what you're gonna need
you're going to need a large head of
napa cabbage that that-that-that-that
napa cabbage could go buy Chinese
cabbage but normally at the grocery
store it's called napa cabbage you're
gonna chop it up into bite-sized pieces
and then you're gonna get three to four
tablespoons of kosher salt or sea salt
you can't use regular salt otherwise
it'll kind of gum up and goop up at the
top of the top of the jar when you let
it set in the refrigerator for several
days and so basically what you're gonna
do is you're gonna put that on in layers
you're gonna mix it in really well put
some on put it in layers mix it up real
good again then do another layer and
repeat repeat that several times so you
have the salt really mixed into the into
the cabbage
okay about an hour after you've chopped
it up and you've let it set for a while
you'll notice that the fluid starts
coming the moisture starts coming out of
the out of the napa cabbage and once
about 1 to 2 cups of fluid starts to
accumulate at the bottom of the bowl
that's when you're going to be ready to
rinse it out the cabbage will still be
crisp but it'll look wilted and and
become a little bit translucent
if you as you rinse and drain the the
cabbage you're gonna want to drain it
very well the second time and try to
squeeze out as much of the fluid as you
can on that second try
go ahead and get your green onions and
your garlic ready I tend to cut the tips
off of the bottom of my of my green
onions they just might not be any really
good reason to do this just something
something I saw my mom doing as I grew
up when you when you and you chop the
green peppers up please PLEASE chop them
into small pieces and then when you
mince your garlic again just to do a
very fine mince on that garlic
go ahead and take all your chopped green
onions and garlic and throw them in the
the bowl with the cabbage in there and
mix it up pretty well
I also forgot to mention throw in two or
three teaspoons of sugar that will aid
in the fermentation as well as add to
the flavor once you have everything in
your bowl go ahead and grab I like to
use one cup of red pepper powder or not
powder but grant crush through ground
red Korean red pepper and you could use
different amounts just depending on what
your what your tastes are there are some
people that don't put any red pepper and
then they make the the white kimchi but
that's not what we're doing today
so put put to your taste what I like to
do is I put a little bit in there mix it
up and then I put a little bit more in
there
and once you've mixed in enough red
pepper powder to get to your taste I
tend to let it set for another 5-10
minutes kind of stir it up one more
quick time and then put it in a jar once
you put it in a jar you're gonna let it
set I like to let it set out for a day
or two at room temperature not outside
and in my kitchen or somewhere like that
before putting it in the refrigerator
I'm really it's just like just like
sauerkraut the longer longer you let it
set out and ferment that it's gonna have
more of a sour taste every time I think
it's more common that people let it sit
out three to five days and really the
benefit for this is there's some
incredible probiotics and that are just
extremely healthy and good for you
should google it and read about the
probiotic benefits of eating kimchi it's
just one of the super foods it's just
tremendously helpful for you healthy for
you again that that's really it this is
about how much one one head of cabbage
made and one head of napa cabbage made
made him at a jar and a half of of
kimchi and again I made this made this
video for one of my friends who who
asked me for my kimchi recipe and so I'm
not one of those people that really have
precise measurements as you can kind of
see in my video I just kind of throw it
in there and kind of kind of taste so I
appreciate you checking out this video
please like it if you liked it that
helps other people helps it helped me
helps people find the video gives me
gives me a better ranking thank you very
much and have a good day